[Music]
joe
all right i've done too many zooms this
isn't zoom darling
strictly need serious talent like yours
get down to the studio at once
even if i'm not dreaming craig revelor
talking to me through the telly is still
not the weirdest thing that's happened
this year so yes craig i will see in a
minute
[Music]
dancing street commercial panto electric
booger
it's dance sensation joe tracini and his
partner
what do you mean he doesn't have a
partner he must have a partner
[Music]
ah
wow joe the audience are on their feet
that was intense before we get the
comments from the judges you are going
to have to teach us that routine
angle asked me twice starting a pounded
yam
and claudia's low hanging fringe
nut buffet go to suck a knuckle cut off
your crusts
anton's elbow wheat into chaff
shrimp on a porch two emus and a kodak
moths crease bichon freeze fall off your
chair like
bruno land in shirley's porcelain egg
wait
baptize the cat euphoric mandolin
yes i'm actually doing this barry the
vegetarian dragon
perfect lady frame oohs that into donnie
osmond's early 10.
fondle and hawk craig's hip replacement
plums couple of gawkers one
single trotter new yorker finish and
half a kilogram of tortoise me
shirley well let me say as head
judge joe your appearance here has been
long overdue i couldn't keep my eyes off
your leotard that's okay thank you
you want that no
craig well i hate it
i hate it that you can't be on the show
every week darling
thanks craig i don't think you take
people with my experience but i
appreciate the sentiment
well you moved motzi joe your energy is
fantastic
your two gawkers were perfect and i
loved
wake up sorry what wake up no i i've got
a move called break nuts but that wasn't
in the routine
wake up wake up wake up oh
yeah dreamt it i dreamt it says beef
toad beef toad beef toad
beef beef toe beef chop beef
beef needs work that needs work i mean
your beef's fine but look at your toe
toe beef toe bitter beef jump
no your beats are ten your toes are two
ha ha ha how then
you